Various updates for spec update 5 (#17)
alchemyplatform/EIPs: EIPS/eip-6900.md

  - **Execution functions** execute any custom logic allowed by the account.
  - **Hooks** execute custom logic and checks before and/or after an execution function or validation function.
- A **validation function** is a function that validates authentication and authorization of a caller to the account. There are two types of validation functions:
  - **User Operation Validation Function** functions handle calls to `validateUserOp` and check the validity of an ERC-4337 user operation.

>   - **Runtime Validation Function** functions run before an execution function when not called via a user operation, and enforce checks. Common checks include allowing execution only by an owner.

Reviewer: There's a duplicate word "function" here. I think as general practice / how to refer to these, only the outer portion should be bolded - function just describes what it is, but isn't part of the component name. So:

```markdown
- **User Operation Validation** functions
- **Runtime Validation** functions
```

Reviewer: Bumping here - I think the word "function" should not be bolded, but open to considering otherwise.

Author: I am neutral, moving them out.

    // that created this plugin.
    string author;

    // List of ERC-165 interfaceIds to add to account to support introspection checks.
    bytes4[] interfaceIds;

    // If this plugin depends on other plugins' validation functions and/or hooks, the interface IDs of
    // those plugins MUST be provided here, with its position in the array matching the `dependencyIndex`
    // members of `ManifestFunction` structs used in the manifest.
    bytes4[] dependencyInterfaceIds;

    // Execution functions defined in this plugin to be installed on the MSCA.

>     bytes4[] executionSelectors;

Author: Good catch. I was just thinking the same. Gonna add the `s` in the end for all the arrays too.

    // Native functions or execution functions already installed on the MSCA that this plugin will be
    // able to call.

>     bytes4[] permittedExecutionSelectors;

Author: See above comment.

    // External contract calls that this plugin will be able to make.
    bool permitAnyExternalContract;
    ManifestExternalCallPermission[] permittedExternalCalls;

    ManifestAssociatedFunction[] userOpValidationFunction;
    ManifestAssociatedFunction[] runtimeValidationFunction;
    ManifestAssociatedFunction[] preUserOpValidationHooks;
    ManifestAssociatedFunction[] preRuntimeValidationHooks;
    ManifestExecutionHook[] executionHooks;
    ManifestExecutionHook[] permittedCallHooks;
}
```

### Expected behavior

#### Responsibilties of `StandardExecutor` and `PluginExecutor`

`StandardExecutor` are mainly used for open-ended executions.

`PluginExecutor` are specifically used by plugins to request account to execute on account's context. Explicit permissions are required for plugins to use `PluginExecutor`.

The following behavior must be followed:

> - `StandardExecutor` can NOT call plugin execution functions and/or `PluginExecutor`.

Author: Good point. I will add that to here as well. 
I think it is good to have a summary here for both executors even tho some info is guaranteed by requirement.  I will add the requirement here to make it clear.

    ManifestAssociatedFunction[] preRuntimeValidationHooks;
    ManifestExecutionHook[] executionHooks;
    ManifestExecutionHook[] permittedCallHooks;
}
```

### Expected behavior

#### Responsibilties of `StandardExecutor` and `PluginExecutor`

> `StandardExecutor` are mainly used for open-ended executions.

Reviewer: Nit suggestion: wording

```suggestion
`StandardExecutor` functions are used for open-ended execution of external contracts.
```

> `PluginExecutor` are specifically used by plugins to request account to execute on account's context. Explicit permissions are required for plugins to use `PluginExecutor`.

Reviewer: Nit suggestion: wording

```suggestion
`PluginExecutor` functions are specifically used by plugins to request the account to execute with account's context. Explicit permissions are required for plugins to use `PluginExecutor`.
```

The following behavior must be followed:

- `StandardExecutor` can NOT call plugin execution functions and/or `PluginExecutor`. This is guaranteed by checking whether the call's target implements the `IPlugin` interface via ERC-165 as required.
- `StandardExecutor` can NOT be called by plugin execution functions and/or `PluginExecutor`.

> - Plugin execution functions can only request access to `PluginExecutor`.

Reviewer: I don't know if we need this last bullet point. Ownership plugins may wish to declare validation functions over the standard execution functions, which some people may interpret as "requesting access", since its not immediately obvious that that is connected to the permission system.

I think we should either remove this line, or update it to indicate that the plugins should not attempt to request access to standandard execution functions via the permission system.

Reviewer: Sorry I think the comment was spread out over more that one line when I didn't mean it to, I only meant it to refer to this line specifically:

> Plugin execution functions can only request access to `PluginExecutor`.

SGTM on revisiting wording

Author: NP.

The function MUST parse through the execution functions, validation functions, and hooks in the manifest and remove them from the modular account after resolving each `ManifestFunction` type.

Next, the function MUST call the plugin's `onUninstall` callback with the data provided in the `uninstallData` parameter. This serves to clear the plugin state for the modular account. If `onUninstall` reverts, execution SHOULD continue to allow the uninstall to complete.

> Finally, for each previously injected hook, the function MUST remove the permitted call hook using the currently uninstalling plugin as the caller and the provided function selector as the execution function selector. Then, the function MUST call onHookUnapply with the user-provided initialization data, if the data is nonempty.

Reviewer: I think this needs to happen before the `onUninstall` call happens, otherwise the plugin will get an execution context in which the uninstall is partially complete.

The `executeFromPluginExternal` function MUST allow plugins to call external contracts as specified by its parameters on behalf of the modular account. If the calling plugin's manifest did not explicitly allow the external contract call within `permittedExternalCalls` at the time of installation, execution MUST revert.

#### Calls to `onHookApply` and `onHookUnapply` on plugins

Plugins may have hooks that can be used by other plugins. Two convinient optional functions (`onHookApply` and `onHookUnapply`) are provided by the hook-supplying plugins. The goals of those functions are:

- To help hook-supplying plugins to guard and setup new hook function request from other plugins. Depends on the nature of the plugin and the hook, `onHookApply` might be critical to call before a hook can be used on a different plugin.
- To help hook-requesting plugins to initiate the usage of a certain hook from the hook-supplying plugins.

An optional data field can be used to communicate between the two plugins to define granular configurations or parameters.

> 

Reviewer: I think I wasn't super clear on the intention behind this task item.  I don't think we need an explanation section like this, since this is more of a rationale / intention description than a normative definition part of the spec. I meant more of just a single sentence each to add to the sections "Calls to `installPlugin`" and "Calls to `uninstallPlugin`". Let me try to add a section via suggestions and LMK what you think.

Reviewer: I think I'm unable to add comments to lines not in the PR, so adding here. These sentences, or something similar, should go into the "Calls to installPlugin" and "Calls to uninstallPlugin" sections, respectively.

> For each injected hook provided, the function MUST add the permitted call hook using the currently installing plugin as the caller and the provided function selector as the execution function selector. Then, the function MUST call `onHookApply` with the user-provided initialization data, if the data is nonempty.

> For each previously injected hook, the function MUST remove the permitted call hook using the currently uninstalling plugin as the caller and the provided function selector as the execution function selector. Then, the function MUST call `onHookUnapply` with the user-provided initialization data, if the data is nonempty.

Plugins MAY interact with other plugins and external contracts through the modular account using the functions defined in the `IPluginExecutor` interface. These functions MAY be called without a defined validation function, but the modular account MUST enforce these checks and behaviors:

> The `executeFromPlugin` function MUST allow plugins to call execution functions installed by plugins on the modular account. Hooks matching the function selector provided in `data` MUST be called. If the calling plugin's manifest did not include the provided function selector within `permittedExecutionSelectors` at the time of installation, execution MUST revert.

Reviewer: This should be `permittedFunctionSelectors`.

Author: This is `permittedExecutionSelectors` across right now. I think It is the more appreciate name for those selectors as well.
Function selector refers to any function (like hooks and validation functions), execution selector limit it to execution functions.

Reviewer: I see the reasoning. Ok with leaving it as is in this revision.
